# API
Defintions of the iReceptor API

The iReceptor API is defined in the YAML file iReceptor_Data_Service_API_V2.yaml. This file uses the other YAML files in this directory for definitions within the main file.

Since YAML files are compatible with the online Swagger Editor it is possible to view the API in a swagger editor. In order to view the API in the Swagger Editor do the following:
- Copy a raw URL for the API YAML file
  - Navigate to the API YAML file iReceptor_Data_Service_API_V2.yaml
  - Click on the "Raw" button to generate a "Raw" URL for the file
  - Copy the URL
- Go to the swagger editor at: http://editor.swagger.io/
- Go to th File -> Import URL menu item
- Enter the URL you got above for the YAML file.

JSON files are generated by Swagger editor.


## Development Guidelines

### Git Structure

 * This project uses the Git Flow methodology for code management and development: <https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow>.

 * This project has two master branches and corresponding develop
   branches to support ongoing V1 and V2 API work. Make sure to
   double-check your branches and merge operations so the two versions
   do not get mixed up.

 * The **v1-master** branch is the master branch for ongoing V1 API
   work, with **v1-develop** as its develop branch.

 * The **master** branch is for ongoing V2 API work, with **develop** as
   its develop branch.

 * New development and features should be done on branches that are
   cloned from the **develop** (for V2) or **v1-develop** (for V1) branch,
   and then merged into this branch when completed.

 * Releases should merge **develop** into **master** (for V2) or
   **v1-develop** into **v1-master** (for V1). Tag **master** or **v1-master**
   with the appropriate version.

